k0s docs update (#733)
k0sproject/k0s: docs/k0s-install.md

> # Install k0s as a service
> 
> There are two ways to run k0s binary as a service
> 
> 1. Using `k0s install` and
> 2. Using `k0sctl` tool
> 
> ## k0s install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Installation

K0s provides a  sub-command for installing a k0s service on the local system. For [deploying a k0s cluster](#deploying-a-k0s-cluster-using-k0sctl) on multiple hosts, the recommended way is to use [k0sctl](https://github.com/k0sproject/k0sctl).
 
## Installing k0s service on the local system
```

> `install` command is a helper command for setting up k0s on a brand-new system. It will detect install system init utility installed on the desired host. Supported system inits are systemd and open-rc. NOTE: Windows is currently not supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `install` sub-command will install k0s as a system service on hosts running one of the supported init systems (systemd and OpenRC).
```

Install can be executed for two k0s roles: controller and worker.

> Install `controller` subcommand will accept all available flags and parameters supported.

Reviewer: > will accept all available flags and parameters supported.

and will not accept unavailable flags and unsupported parameters? :)

I guess this needs some clarification, like "will accept the same flags as `k0s server`" 

Does it need to be mentioned they're the same, I think they're shown in the help for `k0s install controller`?

With controller subcommand you can setup a single node cluster by running:

        k0s install controller --enable-worker

Flags:
  -c, --config string            config file (default: ./k0s.yaml)
      --cri-socket string        contrainer runtime socket to use, default to internal containerd. Format: [remote|docker]:[path-to-socket]
  -d, --debug                    Debug logging (default: false)
      --enable-worker            enable worker (default false)
  -h, --help                     help for controller
  -l, --logging stringToString   Logging Levels for the different components (default [konnectivity-server=1,kube-apiserver=1,kube-controller-manager=1,kube-scheduler=1,kubelet=1,kube-proxy=1,etcd=info,containerd=info])
      --profile string           worker profile to use on the node (default "default")
      --token-file string        Path to the file containing join-token.

Global Flags:
      --data-dir string        Data Directory for k0s (default: /var/lib/k0s). DO NOT CHANGE for an existing setup, things will break!
      --debugListenOn string   Http listenOn for debug pprof handler (default ":6060")
```

> For example runnig a single node k0s cluster on Ubuntu 20.10:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example running a single node k0s cluster on Ubuntu 20.10:
```

```
$ k0s install controller --enable-worker
INFO[2021-02-24 11:05:42] no config file given, using defaults         
INFO[2021-02-24 11:05:42] creating user: etcd                          
INFO[2021-02-24 11:05:42] creating user: kube-apiserver                
INFO[2021-02-24 11:05:42] creating user: konnectivity-server           
INFO[2021-02-24 11:05:42] creating user: kube-scheduler                
INFO[2021-02-24 11:05:42] Installing k0s service
```

Run k0s as a service

```
$ systemctl start k0scontroller.service
```

Check service status:

```
# systemctl status
● k0s
    State: running
     Jobs: 0 queued
   Failed: 0 units
    Since: Wed 2021-02-24 10:49:41 UTC; 30min ago
   CGroup: /
   ...
```

> Poll cluster for the status:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query cluster status:
```

I don't think it polls, I guess it exits with error if the cluster isn't up at that moment.

Process ID: 9322
Parent Process ID: 1
Role: controller+worker
Init System: linux-systemd
```

Fetch nodes
```
$ k0s kubectl get nodes
NAME   STATUS   ROLES    AGE    VERSION
k0s    Ready    <none>   4m6s   v1.20.4-k0s1
```

## Under the hood

The command will create service stub file which can be found at:

```
$ cat /etc/systemd/system/k0scontroller.service 
[Unit]
Description=k0s - Zero Friction Kubernetes
Documentation=https://docs.k0sproject.io
ConditionFileIsExecutable=/root/go/src/github.com/k0sproject/k0s/k0s

After=network-online.target 
Wants=network-online.target 

[Service]
StartLimitInterval=5
StartLimitBurst=10
ExecStart=/root/go/src/github.com/k0sproject/k0s/k0s controller --enable-worker=true

RestartSec=120
Delegate=yes
KillMode=process
LimitCORE=infinity
TasksMax=infinity
TimeoutStartSec=0
LimitNOFILE=999999
Restart=always

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```
The command will create users which can be listed:
```
$ cat /etc/passwd
...
etcd:x:997:996::/var/lib/k0s:/usr/sbin/nologin
kube-apiserver:x:996:995::/var/lib/k0s:/usr/sbin/nologin
konnectivity-server:x:995:994::/var/lib/k0s:/usr/sbin/nologin
kube-scheduler:x:994:993::/var/lib/k0s:/usr/sbin/nologin
```

> 

Reviewer: I'm not sure this needs to be here. Maybe list the users it will create, but showing the service stub and `/etc/password` may be a bit overkill for a simple install doc.

> ## k0sctl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploying a k0s cluster using k0sctl
``````suggestion

(maybe generates the correct anchor for the link under the "installation" header in the first suggestion)

> k0sctl is a command line tool for bootstrapping and managment of k0s clusters. k0sctl Install instructions can be found [here](https://github.com/k0sproject/k0sctl#installation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
k0sctl is a command-line tool for bootstrapping and the management of k0s clusters. Installation instructions can be found in the [k0sctl github repository](https://github.com/k0sproject/k0sctl#installation).
```

It's usually good to avoid link texts like "here". The hyperlinks are "metadata", the content should make sense without the links being clickable.

Command-line is usually hyphenated.

> NOTE: expected k0sctl version is 0.4.0

Reviewer: As this is k0s install documentation, it's a bit misleading to first install an old version of k0s using an old version of k0sctl.

Author: I wanted to demonstrate upgrade from k0s v0.10 to v0.11, and since k0sctl v >0.4.0 doesn't support anything but v0.11.0 I didn't have much choice. Which is making this doc a little weird.

> First create k0sctl configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First create a k0sctl configuration file:
```

```
$ k0sctl init > k0sctl.yaml
```

> ```
> $ cat k0sctl.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `k0sctl.yaml` file will be created in the current directory:

```yaml
```

apiVersion: k0sctl.k0sproject.io/v1beta1
kind: Cluster
metadata:
  name: k0s-cluster
spec:
  hosts:
  - ssh:
      address: 10.0.0.1 // replace with controller IP address
      user: root
      port: 22
      keyPath: /root/.ssh/id_rsa
    role: server
  - ssh:
      address: 10.0.0.2 // replace with worker IP address
      user: root
      port: 22
      keyPath: /root/.ssh/id_rsa
    role: worker
  k0s:
    version: 0.10.0
```

> k0sctl configuration specs can be found [here](https://github.com/k0sproject/k0sctl#configuration-file-spec-fields)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
k0sctl configuration specifications can be found in [k0sctl documentation](https://github.com/k0sproject/k0sctl#configuration-file-spec-fields)
```

> Apply:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next step is to run `k0sctl apply` to perform the cluster deployment:
```

```
$ k0sctl apply --config k0sctl.yaml 

⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⢀⣴⣾⣿⠟⠁⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⠁⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀█████████ █████████ ███
⠀⣿⣿⡇⣠⣶⣿⡿⠋⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⣠⠀⠀⢀⣠⡆⢸⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀███          ███    ███
⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⡇⠀⢰⣾⣿⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀███          ███    ███
⠀⣿⣿⡏⠻⣿⣷⣤⡀⠀⠀⠀⠸⠛⠁⠀⠸⠋⠁⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠈⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⢹⣿⣿⠀███          ███    ███
⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠙⢿⣿⣦⣀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣿⣿⡇⢰⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣾⣿⣿⠀█████████    ███    ██████████

INFO k0sctl 0.0.0 Copyright 2021, Mirantis Inc.   
INFO Anonymized telemetry will be sent to Mirantis. 
INFO By continuing to use k0sctl you agree to these terms: 
INFO https://k0sproject.io/licenses/eula          
INFO ==> Running phase: Connect to hosts 
INFO [ssh] 145.40.96.3:22: connected              

> INFO [ssh] 145.40.96.1:22: connected              

Reviewer: Real-world addresses should probably be cleaned out from documentation.

INFO ==> Running phase: Download K0s on the hosts 
INFO [ssh] 145.40.96.1:22: downloading k0s 0.10.0 
INFO [ssh] 145.40.96.3:22: downloading k0s 0.10.0 
INFO ==> Running phase: Configure K0s    
WARN [ssh] 145.40.96.3:22: generating default configuration 
INFO [ssh] 145.40.96.3:22: validating configuration 
INFO [ssh] 145.40.96.3:22: configuration was changed 
INFO ==> Running phase: Initialize K0s Cluster 
INFO [ssh] 145.40.96.3:22: installing k0s controller 
INFO [ssh] 145.40.96.3:22: waiting for the k0s service to start 
INFO [ssh] 145.40.96.3:22: waiting for kubernetes api to respond 
INFO ==> Running phase: Install workers  
INFO [ssh] 145.40.96.3:22: generating token       
INFO [ssh] 145.40.96.1:22: writing join token     
INFO [ssh] 145.40.96.1:22: installing k0s worker  
INFO [ssh] 145.40.96.1:22: starting service       
INFO [ssh] 145.40.96.1:22: waiting for node to become ready 
INFO ==> Running phase: Disconnect from hosts 
INFO ==> Finished in 2m2s                
INFO k0s cluster version 0.10.0 is now installed  
INFO Tip: To access the cluster you can now fetch the admin kubeconfig using: 
INFO      k0sctl kubeconfig              
```

> And, -- presto you k0s cluster is up and running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And, -- presto your k0s cluster is up and running
```

Get kubeconfig:
```
$ k0sctl kubeconfig > kubeconfig
$ KUBECONFIG=kubeconfig kubectl get pods -A
NAMESPACE     NAME                                       READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
kube-system   calico-kube-controllers-5f6546844f-w8x27   1/1     Running   0          3m50s
kube-system   calico-node-vd7lx                          1/1     Running   0          3m44s
kube-system   coredns-5c98d7d4d8-tmrwv                   1/1     Running   0          4m10s
kube-system   konnectivity-agent-d9xv2                   1/1     Running   0          3m31s
kube-system   kube-proxy-xp9r9                           1/1     Running   0          4m4s
kube-system   metrics-server-6fbcd86f7b-5frtn            1/1     Running   0          3m51s
```

### Upgrade k0s version on your setup

> _NOTE: Upgrade will only work if you previosuly used k0sctl v0.4.0 and you are using v0.5.0_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_NOTE: Upgrade will only work if you previously used k0sctl v0.4.0 and you are using v0.5.0_
```

The previous example installed k0s v0.10.0 on one controller and one worker.
Let's upgrade the cluster to `v0.11.0-beta.2` 

> Note: to get most recent version please visit release [page](https://github.com/k0sproject/k0s/tags).

Reviewer: No need to get the most recent k0s when using k0sctl.

In the k0sctl.yaml change this yaml tag:
```
  k0s:
    version: 0.11.0-beta.2
```

> Make sure to omit `v` in version name

Reviewer: https://github.com/k0sproject/k0sctl/blob/main/config/cluster/k0s.go#L51 v-prefix cleaned out automatically by k0sctl.

```

> $ k0sctl apply --config /root/go/src/github.com/k0sproject/k0s/k0sctl.yaml 

Reviewer: Probably better to use some nicer path (or drop the `--config` and assume `./k0sctl.yaml`.

⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⢀⣴⣾⣿⠟⠁⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⠁⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀█████████ █████████ ███
⠀⣿⣿⡇⣠⣶⣿⡿⠋⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⣠⠀⠀⢀⣠⡆⢸⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀███          ███    ███
⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⡇⠀⢰⣾⣿⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀███          ███    ███
⠀⣿⣿⡏⠻⣿⣷⣤⡀⠀⠀⠀⠸⠛⠁⠀⠸⠋⠁⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠈⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⢹⣿⣿⠀███          ███    ███
⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠙⢿⣿⣦⣀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣿⣿⡇⢰⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣾⣿⣿⠀█████████    ███    ██████████

> INFO[0000] k0sctl 0.0.0 Copyright 2021, Mirantis Inc.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INFO[0000] k0sctl 0.0.0 Copyright 2021, Mirantis Inc.   
```

Maybe fake the versions into these
